that's the back side of every I don't
know but and then we didn't do it
earlier here four thousand let's go to
Houston and swing back I don't see
anything else being cops now Siri light
cover those yeah there we go home again
here's the officer there's the light oh
this is that control spot yes it's
rolling around the corner
holy shit I mean like this is there they
drive it up in the dirt
did they not fucking four-wheel drive
fellas
clocks age
one of the officers we're going to feel
about us tailing along there we go yeah
might as well
those were here man I hope he's a bad
guy
ah true within where the locks
thank you guys your house was all the
way back here which way they went around
basically took it out to you back here
to rummage through it
really your truck that is my truck and
my toolbox is wide open and everything's
fucking gone
yeah stop stop stop right here give them
plenty of room yeah
you want to fill me this is depressing
we saw we end up the Walmart they have a
whatever keys they use that they they
have my wife's keys has my house key on
it we're had nothing to get new rocks
and the USB key to the truck well one
set of keys was in her car and they
remnants were that and I got my
assumption as they found the keys they
pulled them out and subscribe
oh they found please an avatar I'm
guessing that's my guess I don't know I
mean you would probably be able to tell
if it's in hot water or not so
oh shit
always looks that way now they took four
areas satellite radio is uh all wiring
up in there which is funny because each
one has its own ID and one for sewing
it's useful yeah data Rana brilliant no
man they tore all through on my truck it
was great there's the - you can barely
see but it's been torn the shit so they
can get the Sirius radio out of it and
all my stuff is gone
assholes they didn't take the most
valuable thing which is this battle's
traz EP far the most valuable thing in
the truck and they were smart enough to
leave the remote for the Sirius radio
brilliant this may leave my weight belt
and my doodle II just here area
everything of some value is gone
hey Mike let's see they took the
toolboxes because of batteries like that
okay yes the series has gone this
Tortola console well let's do is wired
up into the console laptop laptop
I didn't leave a laptop in there okay No
thank God for that
yeah
No
looks like they hit my car bumpers
cracked
oh all right now do it sir y'all do
y'all do it take that garage rock here
yeah okay well I don't think I haven't
eat let's say left at the initially to
the house well it's not hard to rip that
out fantastic this is a wreck iPods gone
satellite so here
sunglasses are gone satellites gone yeah
yeah it's all gone
charger for my phone without that no no
officer so what happens now anything
they get weapons now anything it goes it
takes a commute investigation
I shouldn't have nothing don't hold out
much hope for the credence huh yeah so I
just take it on bedroom and and that's
that great great okay well I'll go home
and get a key in take it back I
appreciate your help
thank you all right oh sit
he told me not to hold out much hope for
the credence the credence you've never
seen the bhisma Dalton
I mean uploaded three times tonight you
missed all free all right